The Fool represents innocence, new beginnings, and a free spirit.
The Magician represents willpower, desire, creation, manifestation.
The High Priestess represents intuitive, unconscious, inner voice.
The Empress represents motherhood, fertility, nature.
The Emperor represents authority, structure, control, fatherhood.
The Heirophant represents tradition, conformity, morality, ethics.
The Lovers represent tradition, conformity, morality, ethics.
The Chariot represents direction, control, willpower.
Strength represents inner strength, bravery, compassion, focus.
The Hermit represents contemplation, search for truth, inner guidance.
The Wheel of Fortune represents change, cycles, inevitable fate.
Justice represents cause and effect, clarity, truth.
The Hanged Man represents sacrifice, release, martyrdom.
Death represents the end of cycles, beginnings, change, metamorphosis.
The Sun represents joy, success, celebration, positivity.
The Devil represents addiction, materialism, playfulness.
The Tower represents sudden upheaval, broken pride, disaster.
The Star represents hope, faith, rejuvenation.
The Moon represents unconscious, illusions, intuition.
The Sun represents joy, success, celebration, positivity.
Judgement represents reflection, reckoning, awakening.
The World represents fulfillment, harmony, completion.
The Ace of Cups represents new feelings, spirituality, intuition.
The Two of Cups represents unity, partnership, connection.
The Three of Cups represents friendship, community, happiness.
The Four of Cups represents apathy, contemplation, disconnectedness.
The Five of Cups represents loss, grief, self-pity.
The Six of Cups represents familiarity, happy memories, healing.
The Seven of Cups represents searching for purpose, choices, daydreaming.
The Eight of Cups represents walking away, disillusionment, leaving behind.
The Nine of Cups represents satisfaction, emotional stability, luxury.
The Ten of Cups represents inner happiness, fulfillment, dreams coming true.
The Page of Cups represents happy surprise, dreamer, sensitivity.
The Knight of Cups represents following the heart, idealism, romance.
The Queen of Cups represents compassion, calm, comfort.
The King of Cups represents compassion, control, balance.
The Ace of Pentacles represents opportunity, prosperity, new venture.
The Two of Pentacles represents balancing decisions, priorities, adapting to change.
The Three of Pentacles represents teamwork, collaboration, building.
The Four of Pentacles represents conservation, frugality, security.
The Five of Pentacles represents need, poverty, insecurity.
The Six of Pentacles represents charity, generosity, sharing.
The Seven of Pentacles represents hard work, perseverance, diligence.
The Eight of Pentacles represents apprenticeship, passion, high standards.
The Nine of Pentacles represents fruits of labor, rewards, luxury.
The Ten of Pentacles represents legacy, culmination, inheritance.
The Page of Pentacles represents ambition, desire, diligence.
The Knight of Pentacles represents efficiency, hard work, responsibility.
The Queen of Pentacles represents practicality, creature comforts, financial security.
The King of Pentacles represents abundance, prosperity, security.
The Ace of Swords represents breakthrough, clarity, sharp mind.
The Two of Swords represents difficult choices, indecision, stalemate.
The Three of Swords represents heartbreak, suffering, grief.
The Four of Swords represents rest, restoration, contemplation.
The Five of Swords represents unbridled ambition, winning at all costs, sneakiness.
The Six of Swords represents transition, leaving behind, moving on.
The Seven of Swords represents deception, trickery, tactics and strategy.
The Eight of Swords represents imprisonment, entrapment, self-victimization.
The Nine of Swords represents anxiety, hopelessness, trauma.
The Ten of Swords represents failure, collapse, defeat.
The Page of Swords represents curiosity, restlessness, mental energy.
The Knight of Swords represents action, impulsiveness, defending beliefs.
The Queen of Swords represents complexity, perceptiveness, clear mindedness.
The King of Swords represents head over heart, discipline, truth.
The Ace of Wands represents creation, willpower, inspiration, desire.
The Two of Wands represents planning, making decisions, leaving home.
The Three of Wands represents looking ahead, expansion, rapid growth.
The Four of Wands represents community, home, celebration.
The Five of Wands represents competition, rivalry, conflict.
The Six of Wands represents victory, success, public reward.
The Seven of Wands represents perseverance, defensiveness, maintaining control.
The Eight of Wands represents rapid action, movement, quick decisions.
The Nine of Wands represents resilience, grit, last stands.
The Ten of Wands represents accomplishment, responsibility, burdens.
The Page of Wands represents exploration, excitement, freedom.
The Knight of Wands represents the big picture, leadership, overcoming challenges.
The Queen of Wands represents courage, determination, joy.
The King of Wands represents action, adventure, fearlessness.