Inverted, The Fool represents recklessness, being taken advantage of, inconsideration.
Inverted, The Magician represents trickery, illusions, being out of touch.
Inverted, The High Priestess represents a lack of center, lost inner voice, repressed feelings.
Inverted, The Empress represents dependence, smothering, emptiness, nosiness.
Inverted, The Emperor represents tyranny, rigidity, coldness.
Inverted, The Heirophant represents rebellion, subversiveness, new approaches.
Inverted, The Lovers represent loss of balance, one-sidedness, disharmony.
Inverted, The Chariot represents lack of control, lack of direction, aggression.
Inverted, Strength represents self doubt, weakness, insecurity.
Inverted, The Hermit represents loneliness, isolation, losing your way.
Inverted, The Wheel of Fortune represents loss of control, clinging to control, bad luck.
Inverted, Justice represents dishonesty, unaccountability, unfairness.
Inverted, The Hanged Man represents stalling, needless sacrifice, fear of sacrifice.
Inverted, Death represents fear of change, holding on, stagnation, decay.
Inverted, The Sun represents negativity, depression, sadness.
Inverted, The Devil represents freedom, release, restoring control.
Inverted, The Tower represents disaster avoided, delayed disaster, fear of suffering.
Inverted, The Star represents faithlessness, discouragement, insecurity.
Inverted, The Moon represents confusion, fear, misinterpretation.
Inverted, The Sun represents negativity, depression, sadness.
Inverted, Judgement represents lack of self awareness, doubt, self loathing.
Inverted, The World represents incompletion, lack of closure.
Inverted, The Ace of Cups represents emotional loss, blocked creativity, emptiness.
Inverted, The Two of Cups represents imbalance, broken communication, tension.
Inverted, The Three of Cups represents overindulgence, gossip, isolation.
Inverted, The Four of Cups represents sudden awareness, choosing happiness, acceptance.
Inverted, The Five of Cups represents acceptance, moving on, finding peace.
Inverted, The Six of Cups represents moving forward, leaving home, independence.
Inverted, The Seven of Cups represents lack of purpose, diversion, confusion.
Inverted, The Eight of Cups represents avoidance, fear of change, fear of loss.
Inverted, The Nine of Cups represents lack of inner joy, smugness, dissatisfaction.
Inverted, The Ten of Cups represents shattered dreams, broken family, domestic disharmony.
Inverted, The Page of Cups represents emotional immaturity, insecurity, disappointment.
Inverted, The Knight of Cups represents moodiness, disappointment.
Inverted, The Queen of Cups represents martyrdom, insecurity, dependence.
Inverted, The King of Cups represents coldness, moodiness, bad advice.
Inverted, The Ace of Pentacles represents lost opportunity, missed chance, bad investment.
Inverted, The Two of Pentacles represents loss of balance, disorganization, being overwhelmed.
Inverted, The Three of Pentacles represents lack of teamwork, disorganization, group conflict.
Inverted, The Four of Pentacles represents greediness, stinginess, possessiveness.
Inverted, The Five of Pentacles represents recovery, charity, improvement.
Inverted, The Six of Pentacles represents strings attached, stinginess, power and domination.
Inverted, The Seven of Pentacles represents work without results, distractions, lack of rewards.
Inverted, The Eight of Pentacles represents lack of passion, uninspired, no motivation.
Inverted, The Nine of Pentacles represents reckless spending, living beyond means, false success.
Inverted, The Ten of Pentacles represents fleeting success, lack of stability, lack of resources.
Inverted, The Page of Pentacles represents lack of commitment, greediness, laziness.
Inverted, The Knight of Pentacles represents laziness, obsessiveness, work without reward.
Inverted, The Queen of Pentacles represents centeredness, jealousy, smothering.
Inverted, The King of Pentacles represents greed, indulgence, sensuality.
Inverted, The Ace of Swords represents confusion, brutality, chaos.
Inverted, The Two of Swords represents the lesser of two evils, no right choice, confusion.
Inverted, The Three of Swords represents recovery, forgiveness, moving on.
Inverted, The Four of Swords represents restlessness, burnout, stress.
Inverted, The Five of Swords represents lingering resentment, desire to reconcile, forgiveness.
Inverted, The Six of Swords represents emotional baggage, unresolved issues, resisting transition.
Inverted, The Seven of Swords represents coming clean, rethinking approaches, deception.
Inverted, The Eight of Swords represents self acceptance, new perspective, freedom.
Inverted, The Nine of Swords represents hope, reaching out, despair.
Inverted, The Ten of Swords represents something can't get worse, only upwards, inevitable end.
Inverted, The Page of Swords represents deception, manipulation, all talk.
Inverted, The Knight of Swords represents no direction, disregard for consequences, unpredictability.
Inverted, The Queen of Swords represents cold heartedness, cruelty, bitterness.
Inverted, The King of Swords represents manipulation, cruelty, weakness.
Inverted, The Ace of Wands represents lack of energy, lack of passion, boredom.
Inverted, The Two of Wands represents fear of change, playing it safe, bad planning.
Inverted, The Three of Wands represents obstacles, delays, frustration.
Inverted, The Four of Wands represents lack of support, transience, home conflicts.
Inverted, The Five of Wands represents avoiding conflict, respecting differences.
Inverted, The Six of Wands represents excess pride, lack of recognition, punishment.
Inverted, The Seven of Wands represents giving up, destroyed confidence, overwhelmed.
Inverted, The Eight of Wands represents panic, waiting, slowing down.
Inverted, The Nine of Wands represents exhaustion, fatigue, questioning motivations.
Inverted, The Ten of Wands represents inability to delegate, being overstressed, burnt out.
Inverted, The Page of Wands represents lack of direction, procrastination, creating conflict.
Inverted, The Knight of Wands represents anger, impulsiveness, recklessness.
Inverted, The Queen of Wands represents selfishness, jealousy, insecurities.
Inverted, The King of Wands represents impulsiveness, overbearingness, unachievable expectations.